Update migration documentation including information on migrating a workspace. (#1684)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/develop/opening-projects.md

    !!! warning "If you have an integration project created by WSO2 Integration Studio..."
    
        MI for VS Code offers limited support for projects created by the WSO2 Integration Studio. To ensure compatibility, you need to migrate your project or workspace to a supported project structure.

        <u>Migrating a Project</u>

        If you open an integration project created using WSO2 Integration Studio, you will be prompted with the following interface.
    
        Click **Migrate Project** to automatically migrate your project using the migration tool provided in the MI for VS Code extension. 

        For a maven multi module project, **each composite exporter** will have its own project created, and **only the files selected within the composite exporter** will be added to the respective project. If multiple projects are created during migration, they will be opened in a workspace. 
    

>         A `.backup` folder is created to preserve the original Integration Studio project before migration.        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The .backup folder is created to preserve a copy of the original Integration Studio project prior to migration.  
```
